Grand Master Jin is gone
What did he do?
What Jin Taishi
Yama, did we go against us?
You are you and I am me
I'm not against it.
How dare you kill in front of us
Why not?
I not only dared to kill him
I dare to kill you
Impudent tone
Qin Shi was right
He must have a supreme magic weapon
Otherwise, it would be impossible to kill under our noses
Qin Shi
Must kill him
The supreme magic weapon is ours
Are you okay? Eat this
The Lord has embarrassed you
The injury healed so quickly
Is this a return to the original order?
Little Big Huiyuan Pill is an elixir
How can you mortal have
Recognize Huiyuandan
Then you are also in the Tao
Who are you?
You have Hu Yuandan
Who am I? Go back and ask your ancestors
That answer
My ancestor is the ancestor of Crimson Flame
Also what you mentioned
It turned out to be the old ghost of Scarlet Flame
No wonder I can teach you so arrogant
Bold to insult my ancestral oath
Whoever you are
The best elixir on you today
Supreme magic weapon
And your life
Drag it all out for me